---
layout: post
title: Resume
date: 2016-04-29 10:32:21 +0800
categories: personal
published: false
---

# Summary
Yuan has worked in the industry for over 7 years including working as a full stack engineer focus on Java based Saas application for 4 years. Yuan has enriched experience in developing responsive web application, designing highly scalable and concurrent architecture, coding, performance turning and database administrating. Besides, Yuan also experienced with requirements analysis, product design, system monitoring, agile development, global team work, team leading and production support. 

Now Yuan works in the start-up company Zuora to build its Saas billing system with a subscription business model, which changed the way of billing of over 600 companies. 

# Experiences

## Zuora
Zuora is a US based start-up software company that designs and sells SaaS applications for companies with a subscription business model. 

Prize: Z-Awesome in Q4 2015
### Full stack software engineer, May 2015 till now (1 year)
* PRODUCT RELATED: Yuan designed and developed a highly customizable billing system to help Zuora providing exclusive features for its clients. Yuan also deep dived into the billing system to improve its performance and increase its load performance (max load per second increase by 100%). In consequence, several big customers went live with aforementioned new features and outstanding performance, which generating millions of dollars revenue to Zuora.
	* Enabled tax calculation with 3rd part tax service integration, enable customizable tax calculation.
	* Enabled a fully localizable and customizable invoice legal document generation system, developed new features including: nested table, sorting, custom field and customizable translation.
	* Tuned the billing system to improve its performance by: eliminate useless memories, smaller transaction, improving slow queries, lazy loading, batch operation for CRUDs...etc.
	* Maintained a high concurrent file generation cluster, task includes: load balancing, performance turning and monitoring, trouble shooting. Introduced a new generation workflow to reduce the time to clean the traffic peak from few days to few hours.
	* Other jobs includes but not limit to: Requirements Analysis, Product functional and technical design, documenting, implementation and deployment, production environment monitoring
	
* TECHNICAL RELATED: Yuan dedicated to refine Zuora's codebase from various perspectives, accelerating the development process and improving Zuora's product quality.	
	* Analyzed customer data and proactively worked with product manager to deprecate old invoice legal document generation system. 
	* Refactored the existing code with no significant delay to new features, making an extensible code structure.
	* Separated the invoice legal document generation system to micro service.
	* Built up a continuous integration software and improved existing unit tests, making a full coverage, stable and high performance continuous integration system.
	
* OTHERS: i18n, tier 3 handling, 3rd part tax engine integration, team member coaching
* What I learned: deep thinking and communication.
* Tools: Java, Tomcat, Spring, Spring MVC, Struts, Hibernate, Webdav, MySql, ActiveMQ, Hbase, Hadoop, Jenkins, slack, Ant, Aspose, Sumologic, Splunk, Git, Javascript, JSP

## Oracle
Oracle Advanced Customer Support Cloud operates globally and delivers a broad range of services to help our customers maximize solution availability, performance and value.

Prize: Oracle Pace Setter, Oracle Pace Setter (Team)

After post graduation, Yuan join Oracle and work for 3 and half years. Yuan led the development of ACS's Contracting, Pricing and Quoting system "EPACT", which successfully went live within 9 months. During Yuan's senior years, he dedicate to migrate/build up several products in ACS to help build up ACS's ITIL based Saas. Additionally, he was often involved in employment interviews and also responsible for mentoring new employees.
### Senior Software Engineer, from Oct 2014 to May 2015 (8 months)
* Seamless migrated a legacy online common authorization system to a new technology stack. Migration including: Migrated the business layer from ADF to EJB, presentation layer from JSF to Knockout.js, API layer from ADF SOAP to a Jesery Restful framework. 
* Mentored new engineers to build up a new team.
* Tools: Weblogic, Oracle DB, Java, EJB, Hibernate, Soap/Restful, JMS/MDB, ADF, JSF, Javascript, CSS, Findbugs, Jenkins, Maven, Subversion, Backbone.js, Bootstrap, Knockout.js, Git, Javascript, Jdeveloper, SQLDeveloper

### Software Engineer, from Mar 2012 to Oct 2014(2 years 8 month)

* Built up a Contracting, Pricing and Quoting system "EPACT". Responsible for requirements analysis/understanding, documenting, technical design, development, sysadmin and monitoring 
* Led the construction of PCI compliance auditing platform, trouble shooting security issues including XSS, CSRF, SQL Injection attacks…etc.
* Taught Java code style guidance.
* Hiring oversea engineers and leading an Engineering team with 3~5 members.
* Tools: Siebel, Oracle DB, Weblogic, SOAP, Subversion

## Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academy of Sciences
### Visiting Student, from Jan 2010 to Mar 2012(2 years 2 month)
* Developed the Massive Parallel Ray Tracing system to simulate the photographing of Resource 3 Satellite, developed parallel algorithm, job-monitoring tools and the stereo display client.
* Developed landscape reconstruction system. Designed and implemented a stereo photo matching algorithm using SIFT.
* The technologies have been exhibited in China Hi-Tech Fair 2010 and awarded as “Excellent Exhibits” 
* Tools: C++, MPI, OpenMP, OpenCV, OpenGL, MFC, Arcgis 

## Tecoford - Software Engineer, from Jul 2007 to Aug 2009 (2 years 2 months)
* Helped customers to automate their manufacturing execution system by utilizing the Wonderware InTouch HMI. 
* Worked in the various manufacturing industries (including oil, vehicle, chemicals) to develop customized extension to Wonderware InTouch to meet customer's special workflow.
* Trained customer's engineer to develop/debug/troubleshoot automation software using Wonderware InTouch. Yuan also performed as chief problem solver for customer.

## Side Projects and Internships
### Symantec
* Designed and developed a 100,000 downloads Android Utility app, responsible for system health info collecting module. Including, CPU usage collect, memory usage collect, network usage collect, battery usage calculation. Also design a popup for agreement of uploading health info collected to Symantec server.
* Automate test cases including various functional test, black box test, performance test.
* Tools: Android SDK, Python, SVM, Monkey

### Soku.com
* Design and develop a crawler to collect video clip information from multiple website.
* Design and develop a video clip classifying system using Bayes algorithm and Hadoop. Integrate with Youku's frontend search engine, and work with multiple application includes Youku video tagging, Soku Recommendation. 
* Tools: C++, Java, MongoDb, Hadoop, Python

### Personal Website
* details in: kintomiko.github.io
* Tools: Python, django, django rest framework, postgresql, mysql, hubot, coffeescript, node.js, PHP, Javascript

# Skills
* Languages: Java, C++, Javascript, CoffeeScript, Python, CSS, PHP
* Frameworks: Spring, Spring MVC, Struts, Hibernate, Hadoop, EJB, JMS/MDB, Soap/Restful, ADF, JSF, MFC, Android SDK, django, django rest framework
* Libraries: Aspose, Findbugs, Backbone.js, Bootstrap, Knockout.js, MPI, OpenMP, OpenCV, OpenGL, Monkey, 
* Server: Webdav, MySql, ActiveMQ, Hbase, Jenkins, Weblogic, Oracle DB, node.js, JVM, Siebel
* Tools: Ant, slack, Sumologic, Splunk, Git, Jenkins, Maven, Subversion, Git, Arcgis, MongoDb, postgresql, mysql, hubot, Docker
* Algorithms: SVM, SIFT

# Educations
* Beijing Institutes of Technology, Master of Computer Science, Sep 2009 to Feb 2012
* Sun-Yet Sen University, Bachelor of Environmental Engineering, Sep 2003 to Jul 2007

# Interests
* Photography, Bicycle, Travel, Cooking
